A revolving door is convenient for two direction travel, but it also serves as a security measure at a what?	bank	A revolving door is designed to slow down bank robbers and to keep the bank lobby warm	the bank keeps money for people
What do people typically do while playing guitar?	singing	Sometimes playing a guitar causes singing	a guitar is for singing along with
If you want harmony, what is something you should try to do with the world?	make peace	Something you can make is peace.	Another way to say \"a person wants world peace\" is \"people want world peace\"
Aside from water and nourishment what does your dog need?	lots of attention	To understand the event \"The dog was growling at the man.\", it is important to know that The man is paying attention to the dog.	The effect of entertaining people is getting lots of attention R
What are you waiting alongside with when you're in a reception area?	people	a reception area is for meeting people	a reception area is for Giving people somewhere to wait
When drinking booze what can you do to stay busy?	examine thing	booze would make you want to examine a thing	Something you might do while cleaning is drink booze
A fencing thrust with a sharp sword towards a person would result in what?	puncture wound	Something that might happen as a consequence of fencing is a puncture wound	fencing is for fighting with a sword.
Unlike a spider and his many sight seers, people only have what?	two eyes	People have two eyes	The statement \"a pattern of all ones on dice is called snake eyes.\" helps answer the question \"\"Snake eyes\" is two di which show only one dot on each.\"
Where could you find a toilet that only friends can use?	apartment	Something you find at an apartment is toilet	a toilet seat is for going to toilet
Blue read material outside of his comfort zone because he wanted to gain what?	new perspective	Something that might happen as a consequence of reading is new perspective	You would see art because you want to gain another perspective